In this lecture, we will set up what is required to test a coupon rest controller.
We have two public methods within the coupon rest Controller create and get coupon.
And these two methods use the coupon repo to unit test these two public methods.
We need to mock out this coupon repo.
The very first dependancy, the only dependency we need is the mockito dependency open the pom dot
xml
Go to the dependency section and we will see springboot starter test dependency, which has a scope
of test.
This is the test dependency to test Springboot applications and it brings in.
The JUnit dependancy trans duly, if you go to maven dependency, expand it, type in Junit , with the
latest version of Spring boot will bring in latest version of the Junit for you.
Now launch your Web browser to add the mockito dependancy search for Mockito maven dependancy,
Mockito maven dependecy.
Click on the very first link takes you to mockito all grab the non beta version 2.0 as of the recording
is beta.
So one point one zero dot one nine is what I'm going to grab.
Scroll down, click on the text area to copy those contents, come back to spring tool suit and paste it
control shift f to format and we have Mockito all which is scope test.
So it will be used only during the tests when the tests are compiled and when the tests are run by Maven.
So we have the mockito dependency go open the test class that got generated under source test java
and we created the project, spring has generated the spring tool suit
has generated the test as well.
For us, this test is Marked with @ spring boot test annotation.
This annotation knows how to initialize everything for a springboot application and how to run this
test.
And every method in a test is marked with a test annotation.
This test annotation is from Junit
starting the next lecture will write our test.